So, there's this open-source project
Rooflow, which is an enterprise AI
orchestration platform.
You can install it with just one line.
Uh check the script, obviously, to make
sure it's not doing anything nefarious.
But, basically,
you talk to it exactly like Claude code,
but it's just got a bunch of different
features like hive mind, memory, vector
database,
collective memory.
And
yeah, apparently, it's a lot better than
Claude code by itself. So,
I installed it, and this is what it
looks like when you type Claude code.
So, I'm in one of my projects, and I'm
going to see what it can do.
So, I've given it this prompt, and we'll
see how
it determines what it's going to do.
See if it's going to start up a swarm or
not.
So, it is using Claude to web scrape.
Good.
So, after that, it's done some research,
and now it's come back with me with some
recommendations
like what I'm using,
what's missing with my vision that I
just described [music] to it.
UI improvements.
So, I've just asked it to implement
everything. I want to see if it's going
to start a swarm automatically.
So, this time, it's just used its own
self to do it, and you can see it's see
it's given us the cost,
CTX,
what branch it's on.
This is all correct.
And I'm going to try out the swarm next.
I think that's going to be fun.
So, this just finished.
And I'm going to see if it's worked. So,
that cost us $5.
And I'm just building it in Docker right
now, and then I'll get back when it's
all up. So, I've said,
"You are Queen Bee orchestrator
using Claude code to deploy a full
coordinated multi-agent swarm.
Aim for a 20 to 40 specialized agents to
build a complete production-ready
full-stack e-commerce website for the
brand Urban Roots, and we'll see what
that does and how much this is going to
cost us."
So, it sort of got stuck there when I
put this big
load of text. I had to
say, "What are you doing?" I had to stop
it and write continue, and now
it's actually going to
start to do it.
So, it's a little glitchy still, but uh
I got that. Okay, it's doing something
cool now. Time to deploy the full agent
swarm. I'll dispatch eight parallel
agent [music] groups covering all work
streams.
Deploying swarm. Eight parallel agent
groups launching now.
Database schema and seed data, front-end
UI, homepage with hero,
product catalog, authentication with
Next.js, email and Google Auth, shopping
cart and Stripe, admin dashboard,
recommendation engine, and
personalization.
Okay, so if I come down here, six local
agents.
And if I go into them, okay, they're
doing stuff.
Cool.
So, it's slowly launching stuff.
Yeah, there we go. Eight agent swarms
deployed and running in parallel.
Layout, theme, components, pages
builder,
NextAuth, cart checkout,
admin builder,
recommendations, and devops agent for
the Docker containers.
>> [music]
>> Okay, so this Claude session is
like the main session, and then these
eight local agents are still
working by the looks of it.
And each of these have been given
prompts like, "You are the [music] admin
agent for this e-commerce site."
Uh cart, same thing. So, it's split up
all these. So, I'm going to leave this
for a bit, and I'll come back in a sec.
So, while this is spending a lot of
money, as you can see, it's already
spent
$8.87.
Let's look at what it's doing in the
actual
folder directory. Okay, so it's doing
some stuff.
Cool.
Okay, so we've got some progress here.
Auth agent complete.
Okay, so if I come down here, six local
agents.
And if I go into them, okay, they're
doing stuff.
Cool.
So, it's slowly launching stuff. $1.47
now.
Okay, so I've let this run in for a bit
longer. It looks like most of the agents
have finished up.
And it's
Okay, so if I come down here, [music]
six local agents.
And if I go into them, okay, they're
doing stuff.
Cool.
So, it's slowly launching stuff
to resolve build errors.
So, I just gave it a bit of guidance
because it was
didn't have the mock data in there, and
it didn't really look good to look at,
obviously. So, just fixing up those
couple things, and we'll see what
happens. Okay, here we go.
Now, it's working as it should. Let's go
shop collection.
Click into one of these. Yeah, cool.
This This looks really good. So, I just
said, "Fix some product things up." Like
on the product page, it
doesn't
have a lot of CRO on here. So, [music]
and when you add stuff to cart, it
doesn't work. So,
just told it to fix that up, and we'll
see if it happens.
So, yeah, honestly, it got pretty good.
Uh you can add products now, and it
shows up. You got a checkout flow.
Obviously, that's not going to work cuz
there's no
Stripe connection, but in general,
it's looking nice. And if you just added
images to this, it would
probably work.
All right, that's it for today. Uh I'll
see you in the next one.